# Multi-Factor Authentication

**URL:** https://help.comparativeagility.com/account/multi-factor-authentication/
**Category:** Account

---

This article will show you how to enable and disable Multi-factor authentication. Multi-factor authentication (MFA) entails a multi-step login procedure where users must provide additional code beyond just a password.

**Navigating to the Multi-factor Authentication**

  * Open **Settings**
  * Select the **Account information**
  * Click on the **Manage** button next to the Multi-Factor Authentication
  * A **new screen** with **two Verification Methods** will pop up: 
    * **Authenticator App** option - Connect an authenticator app that generates verification codes.
    * **Recovery Codes** option - Use recovery codes in case you are unable to authorize with other methods.



_In the short video below we show you how to navigate to the Multi-Factor Authentication_

**Enable Multi-Factor Authentication**

Once you navigate to the **Verification Methods screen** , simply:

  * Click on the **Connect** button next to the **Authenticator App**
  * On your mobile device open your preferred **Authenticator App (such as Google Authenticator or Authy)**
  * Use the **app on your mobile device** to **scan the QR code** on your screen
  * Enter the **code** generated by the app on your mobile device
  * The **Authenticator App** will be added instantly



**NOTE** : You can use any of your preferred Authenticator Apps.

_The short video below shows you how to enable Multi-Factor Authentication_

**Unable to generate codes on mobile Authenticator App**

If you are, for some reason, unable to generate the codes in the **Authenticator App** on your mobile device, follow these steps:

  * While on the **Authenticator App screen** , click on **I can 't scan the code** link
  * Enter the **key** that is displayed on your screen into the **Authenticator App** on your **mobile phone (such as Google Authenticator or Authy)**
  * Insert the **code** that is generated back into the Comparative Agility account



_In the short video below we show you what to do if you are unable to generate codes in the Authenticator App_

**Recovery Codes**

Recovery Codes help you recover your account in case you are unable to use any other verification method. Each code can be used only once. Recovery codes are unique to your account. To get the codes, simply:

  * While on the **Verification Methods screen** , click on the **Generate** button next to **Recovery Codes**
  * Click on **Generate Codes**
  * Select the **Copy** button beneath the codes
  * Click on **Done**



**NOTE** : In case you lose access your generated codes, you have the ability to renew them.

_The short video below shows you how to get Recovery Codes_

**Disable Multi-Factor Authentication**

If you would like to disable Multi-Factor Authentication, follow the steps below:

  * While on the **Verification Methods screen** , click on the **trash icon** next to the app
  * Proceed with the**Confirm** button



_In the short video below we show you how to disable Multi-Factor Authentication_

**NOTE** : Once you disable Multi-Factor Authentication, the next time you would like to enable it, you will need to repeat the whole process from the beginning.

If you ever need any assistance or have any questions please reach out to our support team at **support@comparativeagility.com** and we will be more than happy to assist you.
